as affected by the changes that
there was with the choreography that you had
worked then for greater then
we want some english how do you
you felt that it happened good if the Saturday
it was a very complicated day first that
the two sentenced couples were mines
and had feelings between cut
but it was a very complicated job but
when he left very sad he was
happy to come has been saved
I was very upset because the uni and mayra
they changed my choreography I had already had
before you start is even greater talked about
with me Uruguay down and I think you're more
responsible for everything and had to have
talked to me and did not do it then
I was very mortified and I still think
what
If I had said it before the program
I could have had a penalty
but with time it could not and nothing
today I have not rehearsed with them
why
I do not know if I will continue to be his
choreographer told me to think about it
talk to the production and tomorrow to
first hour
what will happen and I will give an answer
let's say you 're going to take today
so we can
decide if he is going back to work as
if I'm really going to take the day
today to think things through
because sometimes one with the hassle or the
hot head does not think well about that
I hope it happens today and tomorrow
Tuesday we will know better all the
public will know if I will continue with them
well now another point that also good
it moved you in some way the same because
mayra is if he was visibly seen
affected and cried before camera because
then of this somehow
dt moved what feeling of work the
it's true that I 'm a bit hard for
this
but the point of view I have clear
the technician and my work then I do not
take a lot of importance however yes I
worries that the artist is right or wrong
because that my vision as a choreographer is not
only choreography but it keeps
keep the artist maintain a peace
and emotional and physical before each
presentation and then then the hair
I do worry afterwards but nothing
but when it was annoying as I say
the mixed feelings did not have
an exact decision or know what
do yes is already in sentence a
Again, I find it unfair because
good because it is a woman who is dedicated
to 100%
good more than his choreographer lyon de
botero so we're not going to see anything
what happens but I have a lot of faith that goes
to get out of this
you really do not know everything that happens and
of entering dis present there are many
attention to let's say that you are
when one of your guys is
sentence if really good with so many
years of experience and I know what
complicated that it is but there is a job
behind
there is a very strong tension that the
recurred does not reach Brno
in addition also another important thing
to mention is that nobody comes to your
next sentence with a sentence and
the bulletproof perdés being me
I think he will get there
and I think it can surprise us and the
take out that cup like ayala